Marvel Zombies evil evolution one shot
thank goodness
here we have not only doing not only do
we have the Marvel Zombies but if you
look carefully at the cover we also have
the Marvel apes so we have two
franchises that from what I'm hearing
people are kind of getting a little
tired of you know Marvel Zombies was
great the recent miniseries it was
pretty good it's returning to the
greatness that the Marvel Zombies worth
Marvel Apes it was a novel idea you know
I read the first issue it was it was it
had its moments but then it kept going
and that to me got old faster than the
Marvel Zombies got old so now we have
both of them together there's a little
prologue we got zombie read talking all
this technical stuff they're running out
of food at length this and sushi what
ends up happening Hank and Janet use
Reed's portal they get a glimpse of red
ghosts and the monkeys speedball things
continue eventually we end up with the
ape Avengers versus the zombie Avengers
what everyone call them so what we have
here we there's a lot of fighting going
on obviously these two zombies they're
hungry do you want to eat they'll
they'll eat monkey if they have to you
know they want human look they're hungry
there are some gruesome parts here we
see the zombie Medusa her hair is just
getting ripped out of her head the thing
gets a jog knocked off giant man finds
out if he needs his intestines but but
it's not just a zombies that are taking
the hits so when you look at this this
is this is a pretty big book it's
basically broken in three chapters plus
there's a prologue there's a lot of
story going on here but you know how
surprised
some of the monkeys apes you know some
of the apes that get killed but this
isn't one shot as I mentioned so the
entire story is here that's why it's so
thick it's $4.99 you get a lot of pages
who is this book for it's not for me you
know if you like Marvel Zombies if you
like the Marvel 8 if you like them both
you're gonna dig this book but for me
I'm gonna be honest with you it was
almost a struggle 3 through this entire
book there were a couple parts that made
me chuckle a tiny bit you know with just
a zombie humor but those couple moments
weren't enough after the last batch of
Marvel Zombie books I had some hopes you
know I thought you know maybe there's a
chance and to continue being honest with
you when I picked this up you know I
just saw the Marvel Zombies I didn't
look carefully at the cover because I
mean I have my stack of comics I didn't
see the Marvel apes or in there if I
would know now I probably would have
passed on this book I would say it's a 2
out of 5 you know I mentioned there's a
couple things that were humorous you
know we do have a story we do have some
things going on but I think I'm just
getting tired of the whole zombie apes
just it needs to be used sparingly and
if it's going to be used they they need
to knock it out of the park they need to
do a good job and to me this just wasn't
enough what would have been nice maybe
if you're gonna team up the zombies into
Apes why not have them wipe each other
out and then we'll get a break from the
zombie in the 8 books but there's a
little bit of closure here that doesn't
quite happen you know we do have some
nice art here the different chapters
have different pencils and anchors if
you're a fan of the Marvel Zombies
you're probably gonna want to check this
out it's worth the read if you like if
you're real
like the zombies or if you like the
Marvel heaps then yeah you're gonna want
to check this out
otherwise it's it's your choice man you
know
yeah
you